[Music]
let's be honest for a sec guys
most of us dream about having a perfect
six-pack that'll make everyone go and
surprisingly it's way easier than you
may think just do these simple exercises
regularly and enjoy jaws dropping as you
take off your shirt dead bug this
exercise with a funny name isn't as
innocent as it looks if you do it
correctly it can set your core on fire
it works in different areas all at the
same time improving your balance and
stability increasing your stamina and
tightening your belly interested here's
the steps you should take lie on your
back with your arms extended toward the
ceiling and your knees bent at a 90
degree angle and stacked over your hips
from this position slowly extend your
right leg out straight while dropping
your left arm over your head then go
back to the initial position and repeat
the same thing for your left leg and
right arm the key here is to keep your
lower back pressed to the floor at all
times oh and don't forget to keep your
legs and arms a few inches above the
ground crab
toe touches while we're on the topic of
exercises with strange names here's
another one for you
crab toe touch is one of the best cardio
moves to train your lower abs glutes and
hamstrings it can also help you develop
an impressive core strength improve your
stamina and boost your metabolism not
bad huh
so to perform it you have to sit down
with your knees bent and your feet
together place your hands behind you
then lift your hips off the floor
kicking your right leg up and touching
your right foot with your left hand
return to the starting position and
repeat the same thing for your left leg
and right arm if you want to double the
effort to try to lift your hips as high
as possible and keep your core engaged
steady breathing is essential to but
it'll come by itself as soon as you
start doing this exercise regularly
heel taps doing heel taps at least three
times a week can tone your abs glutes
and hip flexors this exercise targets
your lower body specifically making it
more stable it's pretty easy to do as
well just lie on your back with your
arms by your side and extend your legs
straight over your hips from here your
job is to lower your legs one at a time
and touch the floor with your heels make
sure that your legs are perfectly
straight and don't hurry the slower you
bring your heels down the better workout
your lower abs get plus you can always
use your palms to keep your body stable
during the exercise roll-ups lace is a
pretty challenging exercise so it's
better to do it gradually if you're a
beginner start with five to ten roll-ups
then you can move on to ten to fifteen
and a week later you can do 15 or more
of them in any case this exercise will
work your abdominal muscles and
strengthen your spine as a surprising
bonus what you have to do is to lie on
your back with your legs extended and
your knees together put your arms
straight over your head breathe in and
lift them up and forward slowly rolling
up to a sitting position freeze for a
sec breathe out and return back to the
initial position if you want to make the
exercise more hardcore you can always
use an elastic band v-ups any exercise
with raising your legs off the floor is
exactly what you need if you want to get
dreamy abs and v-ups
are the best you can find this exercise
mainly challenges your rectus abdominis
but also works out your hip flexors and
obliques when you get to this part of
your workout lie on the floor with your
legs stretched out and your feet
together from here lift yourself up with
the help of your elbows lift your feet
up for it as well and make a v-shape
with your body freeze this position for
about five seconds and slow
lower your legs and let your upper body
rest on your elbows the biggest mistake
people make when doing this exercise is
straining their neck never do that your
arms and legs shouldn't be bent either
steady breathing will help you make the
exercise a bit easier so breathe out as
you make a v-shape and breathe in as you
lower your back back into the initial
position so I have another five lower ab
exercises for you to change things up or
mix and match reverse curls for some
reason not many people know about this
highly effective exercise still reverse
curls can make a huge difference for
your body this exercise focuses mainly
on your abdomen making your lower
muscles stronger and more prominent now
performing this exercise is no peace of
game so listen closely you should start
by lying on your back with your hands by
your side and your head lifted off the
floor just slightly lift your legs in
the air as well keeping your knees and
hips bent at a 90 degree angle then
bring your knees toward your chin so
that your lower back lifts off a floor a
bit stay in this position for a couple
of seconds and lower your legs back down
this exercise gives the best results if
you perform it in two or three sets keep
in mind that you should squeeze your abs
for every curl if you feel pain during
this exercise stop it right away
and move on to the next one mountain
climber if you don't have time to climb
real-life mountains you can always fake
it to make your body look even more bomb
mountain climber is a compound exercise
meaning that it takes care of different
muscle groups all at the same time this
includes your glutes quadriceps
hamstrings and core ab muscles moreover
this exercise is perfect for building
lower body strength which is exactly
what you need to do it correctly you
have to start off in a high plank with
your hands shoulder width apart and your
legs extended from here draw your right
knee to your chest go back to the
initial position and do the same thing
with your left leg continue switching
legs like that and feel your core
getting stronger the most important
things are to keep your back
flat and increase the pace slowly this
way your lower abs will get the workout
of their life bicycle crunches bicycle
crunches are one of the most popular
exercises for any training session
imaginable this baby works out almost
every bit of your body from your
shoulders to your lower abs and it not
only makes them stronger but also tones
them up for you to make you look even
cooler you probably already know how to
do them but in case you're just starting
to work out here's how it's done
lie on your back and extend one of your
legs forward bringing the opposite knee
toward your chest then keeping your
hands behind your head touch this knee
with the opposite elbow and repeat the
same thing for your other knee and elbow
to make sure that your lower abs are
targeted and worked the hardest keep
your feet off the ground the whole time
[Music]
hip ridges hip bridges work wonders for
maintaining your core stabilizer muscles
and these of course include your lower
abs they can also help you deal with
lower back pain knee pain and muscle
imbalances to do a flawless hip bridge
lie on your back with your knees bent
and your feet shoulder-width apart lift
your hips up and pull your torso forward
creating a diagonal line between your
knees and shoulders hold this pose for
five seconds and lower your hips back to
the floor to make the most out of a hip
bridge squeeze your glutes throughout
the exercise and choose a slower pace
star plank
remember if a workout doesn't have a
plank it's a bad workout so to finish
off your training session do the best
kind of plank for your lower abs star
plank all you have to do is get into a
push-up position
and move your arms and feet as far apart
as you can to make a star shape try to
hold this position for at least 30
seconds to fully engage your abdominal
muscles if you want to change it up you
can always do the same thing in the side
plank position just be consistent about
your training and you'll quickly see
your body transfer
and what do you do to make your abs look
awesome tell me in the comment section
below don't forget to give this video a
like share with your friends and click
Subscribe stay on the bright side